Support running on offline devices (#47)
flowforge/flowforge-device-agent: README.md

  -v, --verbose    turn on debugging output
```

## Running with no access to npmjs.org

> By default the Device Agent will try and download the correct version of Node-RED and 
> any nodes required to run the Project Snapshot that is assigned to run on the device.
> 
> If the device is being run on a offline network or security policies prevent the 
> Device Agent from connecting to npmjs.org then it can be configured to use a pre-cached 
> set of modules.
> 
> You can enable this mode by adding `-m` to the command line adding `moduleCache: true` 
> to the `device.yml` file. This will cause the Device Agent to load the modules from the 
> `module_cache` directory in the Device Agents Configuration directory as describe above.
> By default this will be `/opt/flowforge-device/module_cache`.
> 
> The easiest way to create the cache is to download the `package.json` for the Snapshot. 
> This can be found in the 3 dots menu for the Snapshot on the Project's Snapshot page.
> 
> Place this file in an empty directory on a machine with the same OS and architecture as 
> the device and run `npm install`. This will create a `node_modules` directory which you 
> should copy into `module_cache` director on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the Device Agent will try and download the correct version of Node-RED and 
any nodes required to run the Project Snapshot that is assigned to run on the device.

If the device is being run on an offline network or security policies prevent the 
Device Agent from connecting to npmjs.org then it can be configured to use a pre-cached 
set of modules.

You can enable this mode by adding `-m` to the command line adding `moduleCache: true` 
to the `device.yml` file. This will cause the Device Agent to load the modules from the 
`module_cache` directory in the Device Agents Configuration directory as described above.
By default this will be `/opt/flowforge-device/module_cache`.

### Creating a module cache

To create a suitable module cache, you will need to install the modules on a local device with
access to npmjs.org, ensuring you use the same OS and Architecture as your target
device, and then copy the modules on to your device.

1. From the Project Snapshot page, select the snapshot you want to deploy and select the option to download its `package.json` file.
2. Place this file in an empty directory on your local device.
3. Run `npm install` to install the modules. This will create a `node_modules` directory.
4. On your target device, create a directory called `module_cache` inside the Device Agent Configuration directory.
5. Copy the `node_modules` directory from your local device to the target device so that it is under the `module_cache` directory.
```

A slight rewording and given the steps to create the module cache some more explicit structure.
